mkdir professor1\disciplina1\unidade1\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina1\unidade2\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina1\unidade3\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina1\avs\av1
mkdir professor1\disciplina1\avs\av2
mkdir professor1\disciplina1\avs\av3
mkdir professor1\disciplina1\avs\recupera
mkdir professor1\disciplina2\unidade1\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina2\unidade2\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina2\unidade3\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina2\avs\av1
mkdir professor1\disciplina2\avs\av2
mkdir professor1\disciplina2\avs\av3
mkdir professor1\disciplina2\avs\recupera
mkdir professor1\disciplina3\unidade1\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina3\unidade2\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina3\unidade3\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina3\avs\av1
mkdir professor1\disciplina3\avs\av2
mkdir professor1\disciplina3\avs\av3
mkdir professor1\disciplina3\avs\recupera
mkdir professor1\disciplina4\unidade1\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina4\unidade2\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina4\unidade3\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina4\avs\av1
mkdir professor1\disciplina4\avs\av2
mkdir professor1\disciplina4\avs\av3
mkdir professor1\disciplina4\avs\recupera 
mkdir professor1\disciplina5\unidade1\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina5\unidade2\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina5\unidade3\at
mkdir professor1\disciplina5\avs\av1
mkdir professor1\disciplina5\avs\av2
mkdir professor1\disciplina5\avs\av3
mkdir professor1\disciplina5\avs\recupera
